Hahahaha, the patent is mine.
The monk group is my knowledge
Chairperson of Su Group
Ms. Su Mei is suspected of multiple illegal acts
Due to his mental illness
The reform is carried out in a mental hospital
Su's Group specialty Mo Shou illegal income
What are you looking at one by one?
Look again, gouge out your eyes
husband
Sorry husband sorry
I didn't mean to.
Seeing your face touch my heart
I submitted it to the court before the divorce
You give me a sum right away
No husband, don't come with me
I don't want to divorce you
Have you forgotten?
I use it like this.
Chen Li is your Ye Jian
Ah!
Don't you forget
I gave you the title of Mrs. Big
Let you get rid of your reputation as a summer adopted daughter
Chen
You are going to cross the river and tear down the bridge.
I have been kind to you
I've endured you enough
Achen, I will prepare your favorite space for you.
Thank you, dear.
You said you used to look at me like this
Today is my turn.